layers/mountain_peak.md, before:

---
layout: page
category: layer
title: mountain_peak
etl_graph: media/etl_mountain_peak.png
mapping_graph: media/mapping_mountain_peak.png
sql_query: SELECT osm_id, geometry, name, name_en, name_de, NULLIF(tags->'name_int', '') AS "name_int", NULLIF(tags->'name:latin', '') AS "name:latin", NULLIF(tags->'name:nonlatin', '') AS "name:nonlatin", class, ele, ele_ft, customary_ft, rank FROM layer_mountain_peak(ST_SetSRID('BOX3D(-20037508.34 -20037508.34, 20037508.34 20037508.34)'::box3d, 3857), 14, 1)
---
[Natural peaks](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:natural%3Dpeak)

## Fields

### name

The OSM [`name`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) value of the peak.

### name_en

English name `name:en` if available, otherwise `name`.

### name_de

German name `name:de` if available, otherwise `name` or `name:en`.

### class

Use the **class** to differentiate between natural objects.

Possible values:

- `peak`
- `volcano`
- `saddle`
- `ridge`
- `cliff`
- `arete`


### ele

Elevation (`ele`) in meters.

### ele_ft

Elevation (`ele`) in feet.

### customary_ft

Value 1 for peaks in location where feet is used as customary unit (USA).

Possible values:

- `1`
- `None`


### rank

Rank of the peak within one tile (starting at 1 that is the most important peak).

Commit message:

Update documentation for OMT v3.15 (#92)
Update Schema based on OpenMapTiles release v3.15

Updated `{layer}.md` and `etl_{layer}.png` and `mapping_{layer}.png` files.

layers/mountain_peak.md, after:

---
layout: page
category: layer
title: mountain_peak
etl_graph: media/etl_mountain_peak.png
mapping_graph: media/mapping_mountain_peak.png
sql_query: SELECT osm_id, geometry, name, name_en, name_de, NULLIF(tags->'name_int', '') AS "name_int", NULLIF(tags->'name:latin', '') AS "name:latin", NULLIF(tags->'name:nonlatin', '') AS "name:nonlatin", class, ele, ele_ft, customary_ft, rank FROM layer_mountain_peak(ST_SetSRID('BOX3D(-20037508.34 -20037508.34, 20037508.34 20037508.34)'::box3d, 3857), 14, 1)
---
[Natural peaks](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:natural%3Dpeak)

## Fields

### name

The OSM [`name`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) value of the peak. Language-specific values are in `name:xx`.

### name_en

English name `name:en` if available, otherwise `name`. This is deprecated and will be removed in a future release in favor of `name:en`.

### name_de

German name `name:de` if available, otherwise `name` or `name:en`.

### class

Use the **class** to differentiate between natural objects.

Possible values:

- `peak`
- `volcano`
- `saddle`
- `ridge`
- `cliff`
- `arete`


### ele

Elevation (`ele`) in meters.

### ele_ft

Elevation (`ele`) in feet.

### customary_ft

Value 1 for peaks in location where feet is used as customary unit (USA).

Possible values:

- `1`
- `None`


### rank

Rank of the peak within one tile (starting at 1 that is the most important peak).
