layers/place.md, before:

---
layout: page
category: layer
title: place
etl_graph: media/etl_place.png
mapping_graph: media/mapping_place.png
sql_query: SELECT osm_id, geometry, name, name_en, name_de, NULLIF(tags->'name_int', '') AS "name_int", NULLIF(tags->'name:latin', '') AS "name:latin", NULLIF(tags->'name:nonlatin', '') AS "name:nonlatin", class, rank, capital, iso_a2 FROM layer_place(ST_SetSRID('BOX3D(-20037508.34 -20037508.34, 20037508.34 20037508.34)'::box3d, 3857), 14, 1)
---
The place layer consists out of [countries](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Dcountry),
[states](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Dstate), [cities](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:place)
and [islands](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Disland).
Apart from the roads this is also one of the more important layers to create a beautiful map.
We suggest you use different font styles and sizes to create a text hierarchy.

## Fields

### name

The OSM [`name`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) value of the POI.

### name_en

English name `name:en` if available, otherwise `name`.

### name_de

German name `name:de` if available, otherwise `name` or `name:en`.

### capital

The **capital** field marks the
[`admin_level`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:boundary%3Dadministrative#admin_level)
of the boundary the place is a capital of.

Possible values:

- `2`
- `3`
- `4`
- `5`
- `6`


### class

Original value of the
[`place`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:place) tag.
Distinguish between continents, countries, states, islands and
places like settlements or smaller entities.
Use **class** to separately style the different places and build
a text hierarchy according to their importance.

Possible values:

- `continent`
- `country`
- `state`
- `province`
- `city`
- `town`
- `village`
- `hamlet`
- `suburb`
- `quarter`
- `neighbourhood`
- `isolated_dwelling`
- `island`


### iso_a2

Two-letter country code [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2). Available only for `class=country`.
Original value of the
[`country_code_iso3166_1_alpha_2`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Dcountry) tag.

### rank

Countries, states and the most important cities all have a
**rank** to boost their importance on the map.
The **rank** field for countries and states ranges from
`1` to `6` while the **rank** field for cities ranges from
`1` to `10` for the most important cities
and continues from `10` serially based on the
local importance of the city (derived from population and city class).
You can use the **rank** to limit density of labels or improve
the text hierarchy.
The rank value is a combination of the Natural Earth
`scalerank`, `labelrank` and `datarank` values for countries
and states and for cities consists out of a shifted
Natural Earth `scalerank` combined with a local rank
within a grid for cities that do not have a Natural Earth `scalerank`.

Commit message:

Update documentation for OMT v3.15 (#92)
Update Schema based on OpenMapTiles release v3.15

Updated `{layer}.md` and `etl_{layer}.png` and `mapping_{layer}.png` files.

layers/place.md, after:

---
layout: page
category: layer
title: place
etl_graph: media/etl_place.png
mapping_graph: media/mapping_place.png
sql_query: SELECT osm_id, geometry, name, name_en, name_de, NULLIF(tags->'name_int', '') AS "name_int", NULLIF(tags->'name:latin', '') AS "name:latin", NULLIF(tags->'name:nonlatin', '') AS "name:nonlatin", class, rank, capital, iso_a2 FROM layer_place(ST_SetSRID('BOX3D(-20037508.34 -20037508.34, 20037508.34 20037508.34)'::box3d, 3857), 14, 1)
---
The place layer consists out of [countries](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Dcountry),
[states](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Dstate), [cities](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:place)
and [islands](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Disland).
Apart from the roads this is also one of the more important layers to create a beautiful map.
We suggest you use different font styles and sizes to create a text hierarchy.

## Fields

### name

The OSM [`name`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) value of the place. Language-specific values are in `name:xx`.

### name_en

English name `name:en` if available, otherwise `name`. This is deprecated and will be removed in a future release in favor of `name:en`.

### name_de

German name `name:de` if available, otherwise `name` or `name:en`. This is deprecated and will be removed in a future release in favor of `name:de`.

### capital

The **capital** field marks the
[`admin_level`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:boundary%3Dadministrative#admin_level)
of the boundary the place is a capital of.

Possible values:

- `2`
- `3`
- `4`
- `5`
- `6`


### class

Original value of the
[`place`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:place) tag.
Distinguish between continents, countries, states, islands and
places like settlements or smaller entities.
Use **class** to separately style the different places and build
a text hierarchy according to their importance. For places derived 
from boundaries, the original value of the 
[`boundary`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:boundary) tag.

Possible values:

- `continent`
- `country`
- `state`
- `province`
- `city`
- `town`
- `village`
- `hamlet`
- `borough`
- `suburb`
- `quarter`
- `neighbourhood`
- `isolated_dwelling`
- `island`
- `aboriginal_lands`


### iso_a2

Two-letter country code [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2). Available only for `class=country`.
Original value of the
[`country_code_iso3166_1_alpha_2`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Tag:place%3Dcountry) tag.

### rank

Countries, states and the most important cities all have a
**rank** to boost their importance on the map.
The **rank** field for countries and states ranges from
`1` to `6` while the **rank** field for cities ranges from
`1` to `10` for the most important cities
and continues from `10` serially based on the
local importance of the city (derived from population and city class).
You can use the **rank** to limit density of labels or improve
the text hierarchy.
The rank value is a combination of the Natural Earth
`scalerank`, `labelrank` and `datarank` values for countries
and states and for cities consists out of a shifted
Natural Earth `scalerank` combined with a local rank
within a grid for cities that do not have a Natural Earth `scalerank`.
