layers/poi.md, before:

---
layout: page
category: layer
title: poi
etl_graph: media/etl_poi.png
mapping_graph: media/mapping_poi.png
sql_query: SELECT osm_id, geometry, name, name_en, name_de, NULLIF(tags->'name_int', '') AS "name_int", NULLIF(tags->'name:latin', '') AS "name:latin", NULLIF(tags->'name:nonlatin', '') AS "name:nonlatin", class, subclass, agg_stop, layer, level, indoor, rank FROM layer_poi(ST_SetSRID('BOX3D(-20037508.34 -20037508.34, 20037508.34 20037508.34)'::box3d, 3857), 14, 1)
---
[Points of interests](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Points_of_interest) containing
a of a variety of OpenStreetMap tags. Mostly contains amenities, sport, shop and tourist POIs.

## Fields

### name

The OSM [`name`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) value of the POI.

### name_en

English name `name:en` if available, otherwise `name`.

### name_de

German name `name:de` if available, otherwise `name` or `name:en`.

### class

More general classes of POIs. If there is no more general `class` for the `subclass`
this field will contain the same value as `subclass`.
But for example for schools you only need to style the class `school` to filter the subclasses `school`
and `kindergarten`. Or use the class `shop` to style all shops.

Possible values:

- `shop`
- `town_hall`
- `golf`
- `fast_food`
- `park`
- `bus`
- `railway`
- `aerialway`
- `entrance`
- `campsite`
- `laundry`
- `grocery`
- `library`
- `college`
- `lodging`
- `ice_cream`
- `post`
- `cafe`
- `school`
- `alcohol_shop`
- `bar`
- `harbor`
- `car`
- `hospital`
- `cemetery`
- `attraction`
- `beer`
- `music`
- `stadium`
- `art_gallery`
- `clothing_store`
- `swimming`
- `castle`
- `atm`


### subclass

Original value of either the
[`amenity`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:amenity),
[`barrier`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:barrier),
[`historic`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:historic),
[`information`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:information),
[`landuse`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:landuse),
[`leisure`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:leisure),
[`railway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:railway),
[`shop`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:shop),
[`sport`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:sport),
[`station`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:station),
[`religion`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:religion),
[`tourism`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:tourism),
[`aerialway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:aerialway),
[`building`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:building),
[`highway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:highway),
[`office`](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:office)
or [`waterway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:waterway)
tag.  Use this to do more precise styling.

### rank

The POIs are ranked ascending according to their importance within a grid. The `rank` value shows the
local relative importance of a POI within it's cell in the grid. This can be used to reduce label density at *z14*.
Since all POIs already need to be contained at *z14* you can use `less than rank=10` epxression to limit
POIs. At some point like *z17* you can show all POIs.

### agg_stop

Experimental feature! Indicates main platform of public transport
stops (buses, trams, and subways). Grouping of platforms is
implemented using
[`uic_ref`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:uic_ref) tag that
 is not used worldwide.

Possible values:

- `1`


### level

Original value of [`level`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:level) tag.

### layer

Original value of [`layer`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:layer) tag.

### indoor

Original value of [`indoor`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:indoor) tag.

Possible values:

- `1`

Commit message:

Update documentation for OMT v3.15 (#92)
Update Schema based on OpenMapTiles release v3.15

Updated `{layer}.md` and `etl_{layer}.png` and `mapping_{layer}.png` files.

layers/poi.md, after:

---
layout: page
category: layer
title: poi
etl_graph: media/etl_poi.png
mapping_graph: media/mapping_poi.png
sql_query: SELECT osm_id, geometry, name, name_en, name_de, NULLIF(tags->'name_int', '') AS "name_int", NULLIF(tags->'name:latin', '') AS "name:latin", NULLIF(tags->'name:nonlatin', '') AS "name:nonlatin", class, subclass, agg_stop, layer, level, indoor, rank FROM layer_poi(ST_SetSRID('BOX3D(-20037508.34 -20037508.34, 20037508.34 20037508.34)'::box3d, 3857), 14, 1)
---
[Points of interests](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Points_of_interest) containing
a of a variety of OpenStreetMap tags. Mostly contains amenities, sport, shop and tourist POIs.

## Fields

### name

The OSM [`name`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:name) value of the POI. Language-specific values are in `name:xx`.

### name_en

English name `name:en` if available, otherwise `name`. This is deprecated and will be removed in a future release in favor of `name:en`.

### name_de

German name `name:de` if available, otherwise `name` or `name:en`. This is deprecated and will be removed in a future release in favor of `name:de`.

### class

More general classes of POIs. If there is no more general `class` for the `subclass`
this field will contain the same value as `subclass`.
But for example for schools you only need to style the class `school` to filter the subclasses `school`
and `kindergarten`. Or use the class `shop` to style all shops.

Possible values:

- `shop`
- `office`
- `town_hall`
- `golf`
- `fast_food`
- `park`
- `bus`
- `railway`
- `aerialway`
- `entrance`
- `campsite`
- `laundry`
- `grocery`
- `library`
- `college`
- `lodging`
- `ice_cream`
- `post`
- `cafe`
- `school`
- `alcohol_shop`
- `bar`
- `harbor`
- `car`
- `hospital`
- `cemetery`
- `attraction`
- `beer`
- `music`
- `stadium`
- `art_gallery`
- `clothing_store`
- `swimming`
- `castle`
- `atm`
- `fuel`


### subclass

Original value of either the
[`amenity`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:amenity),
[`barrier`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:barrier),
[`historic`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:historic),
[`information`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:information),
[`landuse`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:landuse),
[`leisure`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:leisure),
[`railway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:railway),
[`shop`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:shop),
[`sport`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:sport),
[`station`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:station),
[`religion`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:religion),
[`tourism`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:tourism),
[`aerialway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:aerialway),
[`building`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:building),
[`highway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:highway),
[`office`](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:office)
or [`waterway`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:waterway)
tag.  Use this to do more precise styling.

### rank

The POIs are ranked ascending according to their importance within a grid. The `rank` value shows the
local relative importance of a POI within it's cell in the grid. This can be used to reduce label density at *z14*.
Since all POIs already need to be contained at *z14* you can use `less than rank=10` epxression to limit
POIs. At some point like *z17* you can show all POIs.

### agg_stop

Experimental feature! Indicates main platform of public transport
stops (buses, trams, and subways). Grouping of platforms is
implemented using
[`uic_ref`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:uic_ref) tag that
 is not used worldwide.

Possible values:

- `1`


### level

Original value of [`level`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:level) tag.

### layer

Original value of [`layer`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:layer) tag.

### indoor

Original value of [`indoor`](http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Key:indoor) tag.

Possible values:

- `1`
