docs/website/openlayers3.md, before:

---
layout: docs
category: website
title: OpenLayers
description: OpenLayers
keywords: Openlayers
order: 2
---

This is an example how to use for OpenLayers 3 using the [ol-mapbox-style](https://github.com/boundlessgeo/ol-mapbox-style) extension together with OpenMapTiles. Check out the code [here](https://github.com/openmaptiles/www.openmaptiles.org/tree/master/maps).

<iframe src="/maps/ol3.html" frameborder="0" scrolling="0" width="100%" height="540px" style="margin-bottom:25px;"></iframe>

### Convert Mapbox GL style to OpenLayers style functions

The [ol-mapbox-style](https://github.com/boundlessgeo/ol-mapbox-style) converts the original Mapbox GL style specification into OpenLayers style functions. Thanks to this extension you are able to design
maps for vector tiles using the existing tools and then switch
to a different renderer.

### index.html

Create a HTML page and include OpenLayers 3 and the standalone build
of [ol-mapbox-style](https://github.com/boundlessgeo/ol-mapbox-style) `omls.js`. Since OpenLayers 3 draws on the browser canvas you also need
to include the fonts used in the style in the page.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>Klokantech Basic GL Style using ol-mapbox-style preview</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/ol3/3.19.1/ol.css">
  <style>
    html, body {
      height: 100%;
      margin: 0;
    }
    #map {
      width: 100%;
      height: 100%;
      background-color: #f8f4f0;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div id="map"></div>
  <script src="https://cdn.polyfill.io/v2/polyfill.min.js?features=fetch,Promise"></script>
  <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/ol3/3.19.1/ol.js"></script>
  <script src="olms.js"></script>
  <script src="ol3.js"></script>
</body>
```

### ol3.js

Create a new MVT source (`url` of `ol.source.VectorTile`) which points
to the CDN of OpenMapTiles or your own tileserver.

We fetch our GL style specification (`fetch` function) and turn
it into OpenLayers functions which we can apply to
our vector tile layer.

```javascript
var tilegrid = ol.tilegrid.createXYZ({tileSize: 512, maxZoom: 22});

var layer = new ol.layer.VectorTile({
  source: new ol.source.VectorTile({
    attributions: '© <a href="https://openmaptiles.org/">OpenMapTiles</a> ' +
      '© <a href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright">' +
      'OpenStreetMap contributors</a>',
    format: new ol.format.MVT(),
    tileGrid: tilegrid,
    tilePixelRatio: 8,
    url: 'https://free-0.tilehosting.com/data/v3/{z}/{x}/{y}.pbf?key=tXiQqN3lIgskyDErJCeY'
  })
});

var view = new ol.View({
  center: [732602.1417165294, 5864590.06411005],
  resolution: 2445,
  maxResolution: 78271.51696402048
});

var map = new ol.Map({
  target: 'map',
  view: view
});

fetch('https://openmaptiles.github.io/klokantech-basic-gl-style/style-cdn.json').then(function(response) {
  response.json().then(function(glStyle) {
    olms.applyStyle(layer, glStyle, 'openmaptiles').then(function() {
      map.addLayer(layer);
    });
  });
});
```

Commit message:

Add raster tiles option to OpenLayers example

docs/website/openlayers3.md, after:

---
layout: docs
category: website
title: OpenLayers
description: OpenLayers
keywords: Openlayers
order: 2
---

There are two ways how to display OpenMapTiles with [OpenLayers](http://openlayers.org/) library: using raster tiles or vector tiles.

### Raster tiles from server

OpenLayers doesn't support vector tiles by default. Raster tiles can be geneated on demand for any of the [GL styles](/styles/) with the open-source server software called [TileServer GL](/docs/host/tileserver-gl/). Such raster tiles can be displayed using [ol.source.XYZ](http://openlayers.org/en/latest/examples/xyz.html) source.


### Vector tiles with a plugin

Vector tiles can be displayed in OpenLayers using the [ol-mapbox-style](https://github.com/boundlessgeo/ol-mapbox-style) plugin together with OpenMapTiles. Read the following guideline or check out the code [here](https://github.com/openmaptiles/www.openmaptiles.org/tree/master/maps).

<iframe src="/maps/ol3.html" frameborder="0" scrolling="0" width="100%" height="540px" style="margin-bottom:25px;"></iframe>

#### Convert Mapbox GL style to OpenLayers style functions

The [ol-mapbox-style](https://github.com/boundlessgeo/ol-mapbox-style) converts the original Mapbox GL style specification into OpenLayers style functions. Thanks to this extension you are able to design
maps for vector tiles using the existing tools and then switch
to a different renderer.

#### index.html

Create a HTML page and include OpenLayers 3 and the standalone build
of [ol-mapbox-style](https://github.com/boundlessgeo/ol-mapbox-style) `omls.js`. Since OpenLayers 3 draws on the browser canvas you also need
to include the fonts used in the style in the page.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title>Klokantech Basic GL Style using ol-mapbox-style preview</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Open+Sans" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/ol3/3.19.1/ol.css">
  <style>
    html, body {
      height: 100%;
      margin: 0;
    }
    #map {
      width: 100%;
      height: 100%;
      background-color: #f8f4f0;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <div id="map"></div>
  <script src="https://cdn.polyfill.io/v2/polyfill.min.js?features=fetch,Promise"></script>
  <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/ol3/3.19.1/ol.js"></script>
  <script src="olms.js"></script>
  <script src="ol3.js"></script>
</body>
```

#### ol3.js

Create a new MVT source (`url` of `ol.source.VectorTile`) which points
to the CDN of OpenMapTiles or your own tileserver.

We fetch our GL style specification (`fetch` function) and turn
it into OpenLayers functions which we can apply to
our vector tile layer.

```javascript
var tilegrid = ol.tilegrid.createXYZ({tileSize: 512, maxZoom: 22});

var layer = new ol.layer.VectorTile({
  source: new ol.source.VectorTile({
    attributions: '© <a href="https://openmaptiles.org/">OpenMapTiles</a> ' +
      '© <a href="http://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright">' +
      'OpenStreetMap contributors</a>',
    format: new ol.format.MVT(),
    tileGrid: tilegrid,
    tilePixelRatio: 8,
    url: 'https://free-0.tilehosting.com/data/v3/{z}/{x}/{y}.pbf?key=tXiQqN3lIgskyDErJCeY'
  })
});

var view = new ol.View({
  center: [732602.1417165294, 5864590.06411005],
  resolution: 2445,
  maxResolution: 78271.51696402048
});

var map = new ol.Map({
  target: 'map',
  view: view
});

fetch('https://openmaptiles.github.io/klokantech-basic-gl-style/style-cdn.json').then(function(response) {
  response.json().then(function(glStyle) {
    olms.applyStyle(layer, glStyle, 'openmaptiles').then(function() {
      map.addLayer(layer);
    });
  });
});
```
